Privacy Policy
CK Children's Publishing built the Ebook app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by CK Children's Publishing at no cost and is intended for use as is.

Our Company does not collect any information in users. this Ebook app is primarily for viewing purposes only.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Ebook unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

while using our Service, we dont require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information.

The app does not use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.

We dont employ third-party companies and individuals.

Security

Our app is secure and doesn't harm any users while using our app.

Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do the necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2023-08-01

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at ckcpublishingofficial@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator
